DOCSP-36792: Add default database connection admonition (#2888)
jenssegers/laravel-mongodb: docs/query-builder.txt

   DB::collection('<collection name>')
       // chain methods by using the "->" object operator
       ->get();
.. tip::

   Before using the ``DB::collection()`` method, ensure that you specify MongoDB as your application's
   default database connection. For instructions on setting the database connection,
   see the :ref:`laravel-quick-start-connect-to-mongodb` step in the Quick Start.

>    If MongoDB is not your application's default database, you can use the ``DB::connection()`` method
>    to specify a MongoDB connection. Pass a value of ``"mongodb"`` to the ``connection()`` method.

Reviewer: This should mention that one should pass the connection name (for which we use "mongodb" in our examples). Also, I suggest using a code snippet for this purpose:
```suggestion
   If MongoDB is not your application's default database, you can use the ``DB::connection()`` method
   to specify a MongoDB connection. Pass a the name of the connection to the ``connection()`` method:
   
   .. code-block:: php

      $connection = DB::connection('mongodb');
```
